# How symbolism works

Symbolism is essentially just substituting one concept for another, and then presenting the substitution in a context which seems normal, ordinary and inconspicuous.

Most of us are familiar with the first part already.  We've grown up as children using 'secr█t codes' which are usually just easy 'substitution ciphers', where lett█rs of the alphabet are substituted with numbers.  Adult versions tend to use more complicated methods and systems, in which it's mutually-established that 'this thing means that other thing'.  Those tend to work provided that the 'mutual establishing' can be done effectively and securely in the first place.  If outsiders intercept that or become familiar with it via other methods, the effectiveness of the code is nullified.  If some of the substitutions are 'found out' the resulting messaging is compromised, and could enable outsiders to deduce the rest of the substitutions.  And if those substitutions are essentially arbitrary, the whole system has to be renovated and the new substitutions mutually-established afresh.  Transmitting those effectively and securely to the extended personnel of an international criminal syndicate would obviously require an intensive process, and if outsiders are on the alert for symbolism the very repetition of the substitutions would cause them to be found out too before long.

Fundamentally, non-overt organizing symbolism relies upon mutually-establishing a system of substitutions among many people and deploying them in a manner which appears ordinary and unremarkable to outsiders to avoid attracting attention.  Additionally the mutually-recognized symbols must have very distinct and precise definitions if they're going to be useful in directing wide swaths of personnel.  Much of the 'troother community' has been rehyping some very spurious conjectures that 'this thing sounds kind of like this other thing, so one must be a symbol for the other!'  Or even for example f█lding a dollar bill *just so* with the result that the detail on the back appears to represent something happening to the Tw█n Tow█rs.  These kinds of claims are unbased.  It's just not feasible to direct personnel in an international syndicate using 'free association' substitutions in which non-overt messaging and directives are up to individual (mis)interpretation, whether intentionally or inadvertently.  Or relying on them knowing to, and how to, f█ld a dollar bill *just so*.  And even if personnel did, what would sm█ke bill█wing out of the Tw█n Tow█rs actually tell them?  It wouldn't establish specifics, nor a date for them, nor delegate the task to any specific franchise.  It's only recognizable in retrospect, because now we have a context in which the imagery appears to make sense.  Clearly, those sorts of claims are themselves 'for the masses' and withst█nd neither critical evaluation nor scrutiny.  'The masses' need to do better in applying those, or they'll be accepting any agenda-motivated claims and have their thinking about 'what the gl█balists are and how they work' influenced and defined for them *by* those very 'gl█balists', and find themselves used as tools just as they always have been, only with the next-iteration narratives about 'the h█roic White H█ts vanquishing the nifferous Deep State'.  They would then presumably relax now that 'all that nasty gl█balism has been done away with', while actively cheering on and supporting the emplacement of whatever just-as-controlled new regime is next in the sequence.  And that of course is how an international gl█balist cryptocracy restores public confidence.  It's very useful, when it's allowed to be effective.

But in this case the method of substitutions isn't completely arbitrary.  It's predicated on a system which has been hyped at the public in one version or another for tho█sands of years.  This was done through various religions, cultural mythologies, and later through fairyt█les and eventually mass media.  The substitutions aren't listed in a plain, one-to-one, 'this means that' format.  In this situation not only has the messaging been presented in seemingly unremarkable, unassuming instances, but so has the listing of substitutions itself.  It doesn't 'look like code' because that would be too conspicuous and counter-productive.  No, the substitution list itself is presented internationally and widely-hyped at everyone, and new personnel are only familiarized with it as being a substitution list as they gain familiarity with their own respective local ch█pters of whatever franchise into which they've been inducted.  And basically, that's Gnosticism.  That 'insiders-only' knowledge which equips an individual to recognize a pattern of substitution listings as familiar, and know where to look for them to learn the rest.  With native cultural mythology for example, they often don't even need to actively look anywhere new in order to learn it once they've 'caught on' because they've already memorized the substitution listings when they grew up with the st█ries.

What's more, with a system like this communication isn't just limited to the symbols provided by those existing 'substitution lists'.  With a limited list of mutually-recognized substitutions, and given that they've been used to successfully describe and communicate a situation, common sense enables the 'message sender' to extrapolate based on the shared dataset, the mutually-known list of symbols, and start applying new terms, concepts and imagery based on that established schema.  Consider the existing substitution list as po█nts from which a sp█der builds its w█b.  Once the pattern of association and substitutions is established and mutually-recognized, it becomes a comparatively easy matter to extrapolate how a new l█ne of w█bbing would reasonably conn█ct with the existing pattern as a whole.  That's much of what even ordinary plain-language communcication is in the first place: a w█b, a str█cture, of mutually-known associations of one thing with another.  A map would also be a useful metaphor here: even without any text labels on it, when enough landmarks are presented which enable the map-reader to recognize the area the map is describing, then even the placement of a new, small mark on it would provide him enough information to extrapolate what it's referring to, because he already has enough of the context to do it.  Someone who didn't recognize the area it was referencing, or indeed who didn't even recognize that it was a map in the first place, obviously wouldn't take first place in terms of finding the tre█sure.  Or in this case, the h█deout of the major criminals.

The public have some advantages here, with which I'm trying to equip them.  To begin with the 'map' here has been made publicly-accessible and has been perpetuated by huge numbers of people internationally for tho█sands of years.  Even now in the present, which results in a gigantic he█p of data and evidence which corroborates itself, thus proving out the 'w█b', the data model.  Next, I (and now we) know where that map is, where specifically to look to study it, and what the organizations are that have been using it.  And we also have an additional advantage.

The symbolic messaging used to direct personnel to various agendas has been consistently presented in plain and open public view.  This is usually done via organizing symbolism throughout the media, on the n█ws, in entertainment sh█ws, current trending mus█c, the word, phrasing and gesture choices of the w█rld's various politicians and the papacy, and in the logos, names and slogans of large corporate entities.

Why would an organization do this, when it could instead distribute its directives exclusively through private methods, whether through symbolism or in plaintext?  What's the advantage to the organization of doing it publicly?  First, it enables them to distribute orders and agendas to great numbers of personnel very rapidly.  And by now, the non-overtly organized n█tworks of the apostate system have grown very wide indeed.  Secondly, to prevent disloyal, agenda-motivated tampering with the messaging.  It's like a game of *'Tel█phone'*, in which messages could get skewed as they get passed along, either inadvertently or 'accidentally-on-purpose'.  That means it's optimal to have symbolic messaging presented in places where it's publicly-viewable, so that the message originators can know that all involved are seeing the same message, the message they actually sent out.  If that weren't there, regional and localized fiefdoms would presumably develop, in which the messaging 'from the top' was only selectively distributed, or was modified, or had other content added to it for other motives.  That means the apostate system, while it continues doing this, is more or less committed to distributing its organizing symbolism in publicly-accessible venues.  And that means if the public learn the system of associations and substitutions on which the system is built, the message translations become accessible to them too.  And that's a major part of how to neutralize the effectiveness of a cryptocracy.

It's not the only part of course.  When the public learn how to recognize the organizing symbolism, they also become equipped to notice which of their supposedly-authentic neighbors and countrymen have been co-conspirators and oppressors against them.  That gets interesting rather quickly, and even moreso if the public have managed to restore the courts into genuine lawfulness.  Treason, among other things, is still a capital offense in most countries and that's just one component of the various lawless agendas of this organization.

For My full brief on how the People can get this sorted legitimately, fairly, effectively, lawfully and completely, see ***['A Better Solution'](http://DivineWillAssembly.com/2021/07/03/a-better-solution/)***.

