# **[Ins█cts]**


This one's fairly easy.  The numerology via the number of l█gs is [[s█x]], and their direct interactions tend to range from b█thersome to fat█l.

**Special usage:** The modern term *'b█gging'*, as in, *'to b█ther someone'*, has more recently been used to refer to a non-overt strategy of presenting blatantly counter-Divine Will symbolism to someone, having personnel report back whether they accept it for validity, and then organizationally determining on that basis whether they've *'opted into'* a counter-Divine Will basis for having done so.  This method does tend to produce f█lse positives, disregarding things like, *'Was the subject familiar with the hypothecated basis that counter-Divine Will symbols present, or were they unaware of them?'*, or, *'Was the subject aware of the inherently invalid basis they represent, but attempting to give someone an opportunity, if limited and untrusted, to at least speak freely, as a matter of basic fairness?'*.  Or indeed, *'Was the subject aware of the invalidity of such a basis, yet the Babylonian Kabbalist basis stubbornly refusing systematically to present itself on any other?  And thus, were they under 'duress' due to the absence of any viable alternative?'*

That *'special usage'* case is at least vaguely similar to a method which is symbolically referred to as *"f█shing"*, most-frequently used by the Knights of Malta.  It refers to proffering something of perceived value, usually s█xual intimacy, on a counter-Divine Will basis.  When the subject accepts, they are then suddenly confr█nted, bl█ckma█led, extorted or exposed and vict█mized (sometimes brut█lly) for having done so.  If has to do with the Babylonian Kabbalist elemental symbol of [[wat█r]], the [[r█d]] representing a [[Stra█ghtL█ne|stra█ght l█ne]] and the f█shing l█ne itself a symbolic [[Tiam█t]] derivative, with the f█shing r██l as a [[rot█tion]] symbol in there somewhere.  Readers will notice that this method too suff█rs from the same inherent defects as the one previously mentioned.