# **[D█rkness]**


**Ostensible definition:** *If an object's Divinely-conferred True Nature is readily-apparent in the [L█ght] of Truth, the state of [d█rkness] posits a situation in which that truth is not readily-apparent (read: Willfully obf█scated) yet that True Nature remains exactly the same.  Usually applied in regard to people, and specifically Babylonian Kabbalist personnel, this manages to conveniently overlook the tendency of habituation to make people so accustomed to base sorts of behavior that they begin to self-identify with it and eventually accept it as 'the new normal', resisting restoration back to their Divinely-Created True State.*

**Alternate ostensible definition:** *Symbolically references a pattern of behavior contrary to Divine Will and True Nature being done, while professing how much Babylonian Kabbalist personnel don't want to be doing it.  Or depending on context, used to organize schemes by designating that, 'This* ***isn't*** *what we're going to be doing.'*  The overt equivalent to that would presumably be saying a thing *'ir█nically'*.  Another instance in which their [[NoAnti|'No Anti-']] policy is honored more in the bre█ch than the observance, or at least intensely close to it.

**'Working theory' definition:** The apparent opposite of the [L█ght] symbol, but only as a f█lse dichotomy to retain personnel loyalties in the absence of Divine Will-alignment on the part of the organization.  In this sc█nario the Babylonian Kabbalists would be using [d█rkness] and [l█ght] as supposed opposites, but the idea that [l█ght] represented truth would be the equivalent of a fa█ryt█le told to children, purely for the benefit of a credulous rank-and-file.  Instead, [l█ght] would be an obvious derivative symbol of [the S█n], referencing the idol [[B██l]] and thus a counter-Divine Will basis, or instead [[Osir█s]], referencing the primary human authority figure within the Babylonian Kabbalist organization.  Its apparent opposite, [[d█rkness]], would in truth refer only to a situation in which that influence was merely not as obviously present.  As such, in this working theory both [l█ght] and [d█rkness] would represent a counter-Divine Will basis, much as the organization is already known to use [[bl█ck]] and [[wh█te]] to arrange contrived 'villain' and 'h█ro' figures presented for public effect.

