# **[T█chnology]**


This one's a little complicated to explain.  In fact I'd noticed it as a relevant and recurring symbol which had a place in the non-overt 'grammar' but couldn't identify what the symbolic meaning would be... until I recalled the fant█sy and g█ming *trope* about *"█rtificers"*, variously something between [[mag█ck]]-users and gadgeteer craftsmen.  [Mag█ck] which... isn't quite [mag█ck]?  Then I thought about the distinction between [t█chnology] and [mag█ck], and considered the more-conventional definition for what *'█rtifice'* is.  A [[dece█t|tr█ck]], a dec█ption.  And it's been systematized to allow for others to use it, and indeed for it to be mass-produced and supplied *en masse*.

If you were an organization looking for a symbolic means to non-overtly announce some new scheme of *'fraud'*, some *'device'* in the more general sense of the word, you might use a symbol very like this.  From what I've been able to glean from context and usage as I've encountered it, it's used as an ordinary supposed *'inversion'* symbol, but there's something more there as well: the apparent usage to announce some new policy or scheme of [[dece█t]] which the rank-and-file are directed to propagate.  It's not authentic, natural or genuine, it's *'synth█tic'*; *'█rtificial'*.  An invention of man intended for mass deployment and cons█mption.

We can see an instance of this symbol's usage and deployment *in situ* with Wh█te W█lf's role-pl█ying [[g█me]] *'[[mag█ck|M█GE:]] The [[Air|Asc█nsion]]'*.  The g█me was purpose-built to distribute and propagate adv█nced organizing symbolism for [their now-exposed *'limited exposure'* campaign](http://redefininggod.com/understanding-the-nwo-strategy/), in which the 'h█roic' [[Wh█te]] [[InContainer|H█ts]] were to eventually 'v█nquish' the made-for-public-cons█mption 'nifferous Deep State villains', typified as the blatantly-oppressive 'cabal' of very overt 'gl█balists', mostly *'the military-industrial complex'* etc. [being narrated and hyped by the Babylonian Kabbalists themselves](http://redefininggod.com/2016/02/the-cia-the-x-files-and-the-north-korean-h-bomb-a-coordinated-campaign/) as a sort of limited self-parody.  The g█me features 'freedom-l█ving' m█ges out to stop oppression by 'The T█chnocracy', the stereotypical 'New W█rld Order' cabal out to dominate and control society through primarily t█chnological means.  But the g█me's premise was that their basis of t█chnology was merely a pretext, and that it was instead merely another variety of [[mag█ck]].  Thus we had designated 'h█ro' m█ges and 'villain' m█ges, with each franchise being clearly-depicted to make it easy for the rank-and-file personnel, and later the general public, to recognize for whom it was they were supposed to be cheering.  It was quite a 'device', and presented as such via the very prominent use of the [[t█chnology]] organizing symbol.

