---
aliases: [Sp█ce]
---
# The [Sp█ce] 'contingency'


In the absence of an internally-recognized veto through the organization's designated [[Hor█s]] Choosing to align with an uphold a superior basis of Divine Will and True Nature, it apparently shifts its focus to matters more temporal: the continuation of its plans for empire and w█rld domination.  This is that 'contingency', already in-process by default but with its finalizing masterstr█kes not irrevocably implemented.

With the organization's infiltration, subversion, conquest and usurpation campaigns all but completed its emphasis isn't on expansion, but rather on consolidation.  Getting rid of loose ends and [[ControlledShutdown|now-superfluous franchises]], imposing and enforcing more intensive new stand█rds for personnel obedience, establishing next-iteration public narratives and replacing the now-subverted and -co-opted *'Old W█rld Order'*, termed by some analysts *'The Interim W█rld Order'*, with their intended 'New' one.  That of course requires in part both selling it and making it, in their own wording, *'sustainable'*.

Here's an overview summary of their demonstrated objectives for that, and then we can get into more detail.

* **[[ConsolidateGains|Consolidate Gains, Convert Liabilities to Assets]]**
* **[[ReplaceInterim|Replace 'Interim W█rld Order']]**
* **[[ControlledShutdownObsolete|Controlled Shutdown Obsolete Franchises]]**
    * *'Limited Exposure'*
    * *'Technocracy'*
* **[[Amalgamate|Amalgamate Major Religions]]**
    * Prophetics Faux-filment
    * ***'ALIENS!'***
        * *'Avatars of the Divine'*
        * *'Advanced Knowledge'*
            * Mainstre█m Gnostic W█rld Religion
        * *'Superior ALIEN! Technology!'*
            * 'Secular' New W█rld Religion


#### **Consolidate Gains**

The idea people usually have that *'the gl█balists are trying to take over the w█rld'* is both optimistic and a bit antiquated; they've had control over the major systems for ages now.  Consider the overt Un█ted States government for example; that was established and occupied by their shills from the very start.  They were just limited in how much they could do and how blatantly they could do it because the People collectively more or less still knew what they were about, that's all.  We had our Common Law, our fundamental principles, our knowledge and application of how to maintain and retain Constitutional, limited government by consent, and to a varying extent our solid moral values.  That had to be done away with carefully, slowly, gradually, incrementally and very strategically first and the figurative downward trajectory of the place has been the process by which they did that, primarily oriented on stopping the prevalent knowledge of and familiarity with basic Christian values and the Common Law principles of freedom which they afforded.

But the officeholders were already shills in-position, with the exception of Kenn█dy whose organizing symbolism as deployed in his quotes and speeches does rather emphatically suggest that he'd gotten into office and then attempted to defect and use his position to non-overtly rabble-rouse.  For Rome and the Babylonian Kabbalists the last h█ndred years have been about establishing and proliferating non-overtly organized n█tworks of franchises throughout the land, mainly the Knights of Malta and the stereotypical 'organized crime' syndicates, pl█ying them 'against' each other to keep the public occupied, and then eventually shifting them from a *'perks and incentives'* model into the rank and file personnel striving to 'out-loyal' each other by overtly pushing sociopolitical ideologies on the public.  All while the Establishment media kept the People in an increasingly debased and miseducted stupor, eventually to be deprecated in favor of a supposedly *'authentic and organic'* system of rhetoric and ideological agitprop through social media (courtesy of the intern█t established by DARPA, readers will recall) implemented by the personnel of those franchise n█tworks, and organized via non-overt symbolism as deployed through memes.  The organization was br█nching out into the public, is the po█nt here.
  

#### **Convert Liabilities to Assets**

Most of these have to do with the aftermath results of the maneuvering the organization 'had' to do during its empire-building spree:

* Franchises now deemed unnecessary because they were established to accomplish specific purposes, and whose continued existence now represents only a liability for the organization
* Ditto scads of personnel brought in during their major non-overt recruitment ph█se, who either need to become learned and obedient enough to continue being loyal, or are deemed expendables.  The more people who are 'in on' a conspiracy the more overhead is required to either compensate or control them, and the greater the organizational r█sk that someone will scr█w up or 'le█k' information
* The habitat 'loss', species extinction and so on which has resulted from the spr█wling corporations brought about by the mass recruitment and payoff campaign; enough actual ecological dev█station and there won't be much of a plan█t left to rule over
* The absence of perceived public credibility and legitimacy of the overt 'Establishment', including political offices and the media.  Without sorting that the public won't 'glom on' to a New W█rld Order, and a slim but stubborn contingent of *'conspiracy theorists'* know something's been hinky and their thinking r█sks catching on with the majority of the public

The now-deemed unnecessary franchises are handled via the [[ControlledShutdown|controlled shutdown]] procedure, converting that part of the situation into an organizational asset.

The glut of personnel overabundance is handled by imposing increasingly-demanding stand█rds, requirements and rules for them, including by and large 'shutting off' the 'perks' which brought them in and getting them to compete in terms of loyalty with each other for 'merit', that is, *'br█wnie po█nts'* used for promotion.  It's the non-overt equivalent of hiring desperate interns not for pay but for 'experience' or 'the exposure'.  Those personnel who adhere to the new, more demanding criteria are eventually 'promoted' above their entry-level franchise and given access to 'higher layers' of non-overt organizing symbolism.  Those who are not are left with knowledge of only the limited entry-franchise organizing symbolism, and are thus left unprepared for any n█sty surpr█ses being organized against the remaining 'chaff' personnel comprising the lower franchises.  This formula produces a situation in which 'insufficient' loyalty to the organization is deemed undesirable for anyone with decent survival instincts.  It's also complemented by schemes like the *'p█do!'* formula, in which individuals can be easily targ█tted through public accusations, and the *'vigilante \[in\]justice'* which is being promoted as a foll█wthrough me█sure, which if successful will equip the organization to have the public itself 'take care' of anyone inconvenient to its interests *gratis*, requiring only a few well-placed accusations and sufficient hype of them.

The habitat loss etc. is addressed via the organization's **'eco-everything'** agenda.  In the [Sp█ce] contingency this isn't symbolic, but instead quite literal and agenda-oriented: by controlling the Establishment pseudo-scientific narrative about the nature and causes of the ecological dev█station it can not only address the genuine ecological problems it's spent the last cent█ry systematically bringing about, but also use this as a public and well-hyped sociopolitical impetus to get the public to actively demand the imposition of a *'New W█rld Order'* advertized as 'solving' the 'problem'.  By definition it practically demands an international governing authority to set and impose policies.  It equips national and international governments to impose ever-tighter strictures on businesses, providing them with a convenient pretext to *'cancel'* any of them which, again, are deemed *'insufficiently loyal'*.  And because practically every individual human activity can be declared to ultimately have *some* effect on ecological 'bal█nce', it rationalizes putting government into micromanaging every human activity via policy.  Eventually it can be publicly-argued that anyone not supporting or adhering to those policies is a men█ce to the public interest, equivalent to a *'dang█rous extremist'* who *'must be stopped'* in the interests of society as a whole.  Dissent becomes unthinkable to the majority opinion, resulting in a majority quite willing, eager and even desperate for the state to tr█mple on the God-given rights of their neighbor in its efforts to impose policy, and simultaneously p█nders to their egos for supporting the groupthink rhetoric by assuring them that in doing so, they have a position of supposed intrinsic *'moral superiority'*, at least according to the prevailing hype.  It's a formula which is effectively designed to make the majority into a ramp█ging mob of zealots self-assured that they're *'in the right'* and *'morally superior'* even as they tr█mple the God-given rights of their neighbor and the individual.  We saw much of this being tried out first with the hyperlib█ralism and then with the Cov█d restrictions as proof-of-concept.  As a bonus it promotes what is effectively [Gai█] worship; mankind as the servant rather than the masters over the E█rth, and worshipping the creation rather than the Creator.  It also provides for plenty of legalistic (and 'illegal') *'get-arounds'* for the planned new eco- policies, which is how the organization makes sure its more stereotypical 'organized crime' franchises thrive; you can't have *'bl█ck markets'* without *'Prohibitions'*.  So while the public are starting to clamor for *'Legalize it!'* regarding the recreational substance legislation which had been orgnaized crime's major profit model over the last cent█ry, they're simultaneously being incited to demand, *'Criminalize it!'* with the new eco-everything agenda and policies.  It's the same formula and routine; only the specifics have been replaced.

The Establishment credibility restoration is addressed under the *'Limited Exposure'* subheading.


#### **Replace** ***'Interim W█rld Order'***

The term *'Interim W█rld Order'* was developed [here](http://redefininggod.com/understanding-the-nwo-strategy/) by Ken of [RedefiningGod](http://redefininggod.com/understanding-the-nwo-strategy/) to describe the system we have as of this wr█ting between the subverted version of the *'Old W█rld Order'*, and the emplacement of the *'New'*.  With [c█rcles], [sph█res] and [gl█bes] being *'the gl█balists''* visual means of depicting numerological symbol [[z█ro]] meaning *'just presented for public effect'* (even the very term *'the gl█balists'* was produced and presented *by* them to organize their own *'limited exposure'* self-parody prop█ganda campaign), the term certainly works.

The planned scheme, at least in the overt geopolitical venues, as presented on that page involves countries organizing into regional *'blocs'* such as *'Braz█l, R█ssia, Indon█sia, China and South Africa'* of mutual aid and a shared currency, with 'oversight' by a multinational governing body such as a *'ref█rmed, new and improved'* Un█ted Nations or a *'much better, now legit'* replacement for it.  It also likely involves large countries finding various pretexts to have numerous regions within them 'seceding' until they become ineffective, economically and militarily ineffectual and 'interdependent' tiny nation-states; any of those refuse to *'get with the program'*, nobody does business with them.  In more extreme situations, the *'new Un█ted Nations'* can of course send in *'peacekeeping forces'* to *'help quell'* problems concocted within a tiny nation-state by agitators working for the Babylonian Kabbalists and non-overtly organized.  This also means *'ending w█rs'* by disb█nding national militaries will start to look appetizing to the public, along with *'ending g█n vi█lence'* by imposing bans on we█pons.  So when their own agitators establish some made-for-narrative-purposes radicalized extremist group armed by *'extra-legal'* means, the public will be completely at the m█rcy of said *'peacekeeping forces'* even if they manage to notice that the whole thing's a deliberately-contrived scheme.  And in effect, it's like living as subjects under the Roman Cent█rions all over again.

Much will be made at first of replacing the now essentially pl█ndered and valueless currencies with new ones *'b█cked with substance of value'* such as precious met█ls.  It likely won't be until later that the public notices that the actual b█cking for them is of minute quantities and even if it isn't, it'll still likely look a lot better than what they have now.  Interestingly the *'Braz█l, R█ssia, Ind█nesia, China and South Africa'* *'bl█c'*, referred to as the *[[Br█ck|'BR█CS']]*, were [until recently](https://www.ft.com/content/02d6ab99-ea36-41c4-9ad3-9658bb1894a7) on about their own currency and whenever they were, the political and media shills were always sure to use [the exact same terminology:](https://www.google.com/search?q=brics+basket+of+currencies&sxsrf=AJOqlzWCoXITPdxe8Pz_0hNEoqoh1Gq2EQ:1679191950253&source=lnms&tbm=nws&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiy_dC99eb9AhUxPH0KHf2ZBGsQ_AUoAXoECAEQAw&biw=1600&bih=738&dpr=1) that the plan was to base it on a *"[bask█t] of currencies"*.  This appears to be due to the organizing symbolism involved: [[Stra█ghtL█ne|stra█ght l█nes]] + [[InContainer|in container]], that is, a counter-Divine Will-based effort, in an overt venue, not yet deemed ready for finalized public implementation.  Always nice to see the organizing symbolism definitions corroborated.

Hypothecated currency was a very useful (to them) means of acquiring control and exerting financial and economic influence to accomplish the organization's agenda items.  But it comes at a cost, even just in an earthly context: it destabilizes whole economies, and though this appears to be a negligable concern for the Babylonian Kabbalists the result of that is that eventually the public catches on and notices that the figurative g█me is r█gged.  This produces a publicly-recognizable lapse of credibility, legitimacy and integrity which can eventually provoke enough public outr█ge that their entire scheme becomes, in their words, *'unsustainable'*.  As such it is primarily only useful to them as an interim me█sure to acquire and achieve the control they sought over governments, militaries, economies and so on.  Now that they've got that and emplaced themselves *as* those governments, militaries, economies etc. and have gotten the respective nations under their control they quite naturally want to do away with the hypothecated currency routine at the first opportunity, let the *'Interim W█rld Order'* take the blame for the mismanagement and its results, use that as a means of inciting the public to demand the *'New W█rld Order'* and restore great quantities of perceived credibility, respectability, integrity and legitimacy in the process.

This is why we've been hearing so much from shills like the Pauls (Ron and Rand) about *'End the Fed!'*  As much as it appears they're genuinely serving the public best interest they're merely touting the organization's next-iteration campaigns.  In the organization's plans to replace the *'Interim W█rld Order'* with the *'New'* it knows it will need a corresponding roster of public-f█cing political shills to hype the new rhetoric and agenda items and has been carefully emplacing them well in advance.  That's just a matter of sound and effective planning.  ^[\[more\]](https://web.archive.org/web/20150131213257/http://redefininggod.com/2015/01/globalist-agenda-watch-2015-update-12-dont-be-fooled-by-globalist-rebranding/)^ When you control both the *'Interim W█rld Order'* political shills and the *'next-iteration'* *'limited exposure'* shills, it's an easy matter to have the latter establish their supposed credibility by saying all the right things for dec█des, only to be disregarded by the former.  When you've decided the time is right to activate the next-iteration agenda items, all you have to do is rationalize a pretext for the *'last-iteration'* shills to finally get out of their w█y.  In establishing dec█des-long *résumés* of counterfeit integrity credentials these *'next-iteration'* shills are effectively like t█cking time b█mbs or *'sl██per ag█nts'*, just waiting to be activated and in the meantime, their rhetoric is working like a dr█mbe█t to incite support and eagerness in the minority of the demographic who suppose these guys represent them.  That neatly enables you to control even the minority narrative, and all while you're neither actually implementing their priorities nor even sincerely representing them.  A cryptocracy by definition is mutually-exclusive with government by informed consent, and is instead oppression and injustice systematically perpetrated by, literally, fraud upon fraud.

Selecting the Pauls for the *'End the Fed!'* campaign also conveniently allowed the organization to pre-arrange something even when the specific timing of activation wasn't yet established; if not in time for Ron, then Rand.  And we can see analytics ^[\[more\]](http://redefininggod.com/2014/12/lets-crash-the-global-economy-as-soon-as-possible-and-blame-the-fed-an-examination-of-globalist-propaganda-from-stephen-s-roach/),^ ^[\[more\]](http://redefininggod.com/2014/11/the-globalists-are-accelerating-the-rollout-of-their-new-financial-system/),^
^[\[more\]](http://redefininggod.com/2014/09/mainstream-globalist-propaganda-reveals-eastwest-conflict-is-a-farce/)^ on what appear to be the organization's multiple, aborted attempts to s█t up the Federal Reserve to take the blame while its direct overt parents the I.M.F. (*'International Monetary Fund'*) and B.I.S. (*'Bank of International Settlements'*) present as the mature, sage, responsible chiding parents in contrast.  When the Fed is removed, these upl█nes appear to be intended to remain, perhaps with an *'Under New Management'* s█gn out fr█nt.  When an effort is contrived purely for public effect, removing and replacing the public-f█cing intermediaries appears to be all that's needed.  Even shifting the monetary regulation over to the Treasury does nothing special, given that they're going to be just as collusive.  Meanwhile the various apparent efforts to actually contrive an *'End the Fed'* sc█nario not only illustrates the scheme itself but corroborates the emplacement and pre-positioning of those *'next-iteration'* shill politicians in government.  The moral: For the public to continue blithely outsourcing their own Duty to know and uphold the law and legitimate governance, placing their trust in undeserved 'le█ders' who appear to be representing their interests, does not actually solve the problem.  It merely perpetuates it.


#### **Controlled Shutdown Obsolete Franchises**

I've presented this in a section of its own, [[ControlledShutdown|here.]]

#### *'Limited Exposure'*

Much of the Babylonian Kabbalists' earthly problems at the moment involve the lapse of public credibility in their narratives and even their supposed non-existence, given everything it's 'had' to do in its efforts for conqu█st and w█rld domination.  A slim minority of people, normal, ordinary people still using their brains, had started to catch on.  A determined minority effort 'r█sks' growing and proliferating, particularly when the organization has imminent plans to start throwing its weight around more blatantly.  That obviously couldn't be allowed to happen.  What's an international totalitarian cryptocratic empire to do?

Their solution t█rned out to be just a reuse of their Roman Catholicism formula.  Establish a counterfeit version of the original legitimate effort, and direct non-overtly organized personnel to hype it.  Pull in the crowds, outnumber the original effort, outshout it with your own rhetoric, control the narratives, usurp the original cause and convince everyone that in foll█wing it they're *'doing the right thing'*.  Once your counterfeit starts trending and predominates nobody will listen to minority views which don't align with it, and you can eventually start to use the new system you've implemented to persecute and extirpate the m█lcontents who refuse to *'get with the program'*.  It's an easy matter to convince the narrative-controlled majority that the minority are *'working for the opposing forces out there'* and as such, public outcr█ when you get rid of them can be reasonably anticipated to be minimal.

In the modern *'limited exposure'* iteration version of the formula, the non-overtly organized personnel aren't clergy, they're social media disinfo prop█gandists *'giving you the truth'* (read: the purpose-built narratives) instead, which serve as veh█cles for dispensing non-overt organizing symbolism to the rest of the personnel.  They are *also* the usual suspects, the Establishment politicians, media etc. which conveniently allows Rome and the Babylonian Kabbalists to *'pl█y both s█des'*.  The usual routine is for the Establishment media to present a last-iteration public narrative which has been purposely-designed to be incomplete.  The *'troother gurus'* on social media conveniently provide the other half of the narrative, the next-iteration version, which seems to put the whole event into some greater, clearer context and *'makes it all make sense'* to the average *'troother'*.  It's literally just one narrative after another; the contingent of the public who don't buy into the *'business as usual'* last-iteration narratives are likely to buy into the next-iteration one instead.  When the average *'troother'* buys into social media *'limited exposure'* prop█ganda he thinks that he's *'finally learning and exposing what's going on'* and prides himself on *'not buying into all that Establishment media nonsense'*.  In actual fact he's merely ch█nged the chann█l, and for as much as the *'limited exposure'* narratives seem to be *'exposing the gl█balists'*, what they're doing instead is getting his trust and buy-in and directing public thinking and opinion, just as the Establishment media n█ghtly n█ws did to his predecessors.  But he gets to f██l superior to them, and much of the buy-in relies upon indulging his ego via inciting that arrogance.  Once he *wants* to believe it, he'll def█nd the position himself regardless of what actual facts and evidence are presented to him.  If that sounds like a variety of unfounded religious zealotry it's only because that's exactly what it is.  So useful in any era.  Rome has by now gotten quite deft at deploying the formula.

The *'c█ll-and-response'* formula with narratives doesn't just happen with the Establishment media and the social media *'troother guru'* prop█gandists.  It also happens with the Establishment politicians and the *'troother gurus'*.  Then there are the *'le█kers'* (an organizing symbolism [pl█mbing] reference with a supposed 'inversion'), such as Assange, Sn█wden and so on, and Establishment military, politicians and cel█brities who've supposedly *'def█cted from the gl█balists'* and are now *'spe█king out against them'* while getting hyped by the next-iteration *'troother gurus'*, such as post-*'Matr█x'* Keanu R██ves.  It's worth remembering that even the organization's bottom-rung str██t gangs recruit *'for life'* and both require and enforce permanent complicity as a prerequisite to entry; how much moreso the 'closed system' Establishment media and similar apparatuses?  To think that there are post-Establishment individuals just w█ndering around out there *'exposing the gl█balists'* without getting their 'breathing privileges' revoked just represents a lapse of critical thinking.

And with control over both the Establishment figures *and* the *'troother gurus'*, it becomes an easy matter for the former to do all kinds of zany things which appear to corroborate and 'prove out' the claims of the latter.  This means that the *'troother gurus'* can be 'proven right' quite easily since they're in on it, and even their contrived disinfo narratives about what supposed organizing symbols like what "r█d sho█s" and 'the p█do symbol' mean can be 'propped up' by repeated and conspicuous placement, which the *'limited exposure'* prop█gandists then dutifully hype at everyone.  The result is that we currently have *'the gl█balists'* themselves directing the public thinking as concerns what *'the gl█balists'* supposedly are and are not, who's in with them and who's 'countering' them, how the organization functions, what its organizing symbolism is and isn't, and what they're striving to accomplish.  It's a bit like the old j█ke about substance add█cts: *'[This group of them] will just ste█l your stuff.  [This other variety] will ste█l your stuff, and* ***then*** *help you look for it.'*  Which is great work if you can get it, and the credulity and lack of critical thinking currently prevalent among the majority of the *'troother'* crowd has been actively enabling them.  Clearly the *'troothers'* are going to have to do better if they're going to succeed.  Blithely reposting the *'troother guru'* disinfo is literally giving aid and comfort to the very same *'gl█balists'* they're trying to counter.  As with the Roman Catholicism and *'churchianity'* version of the same formula, the scheme relies on the fact that there are loads more people willing to *'self-identify* ***as***' something than are willing or able to actively learn what it is and uphold it.  And when the distinction between those categories of people is not publicly made, addressed and corrected the low-effort *poseurs* tend to predominate and degrade the effectiveness of the group for the purpose it was established: making it essentially useless, t█rning the public off to it by making it seem ridiculous, and disenfranchising the comparatively slim minority of its legit adherents.

The *'limited exposure*' method is designed to present as non-centrally-organized and therefore spontaneous, authentic and organic.  I've gone into more detail and analytics of it in *'The Rhetoric Factory'* series.^[\[here\]](http://DivineWillAssembly.com/2021/01/07/the-rhetoric-factory-jury-tampering-in-the-court-of-public-opinion/),^ ^[\[here\]](http://DivineWillAssembly.com/2021/03/07/the-rhetoric-factory-fraud-rev-lutions-and-the-new-religion/),^ ^and^ ^[\[here\]](http://DivineWillAssembly.com/2021/03/12/the-rhetoric-factory-troothers/)^  Readers will recall that the intern█t comes to us courtesy of the Un█ted States military's DARPA and the Jesuit-founded un█versity system.  If the Establishment media is 'deposed' via the *'limited exposure'* campaign the remaining social media prop█ganda will appear to the common man as something de-centralized and authentic, but all that will have been done is for the non-overt organizing method not to be so overtly apparent.  We can see the more obviously inc█stuous conn█ctions with examples like [this](http://redefininggod.com/2014/12/what-is-jordan-maxwells-role-in-the-new-world-order-rollout/), but the formula remains consistent even through the hordes of *'troother gurus'* who exhibit no overt coordination because they're more widely organizing non-overtly in much the same manner.  Then there are the public-f█cing disinfo and prop█ganda amplifier apparatuses like the ostensibly 'anti-Establishment' *'Anonymous'*, in which the more influential principals are non-overtly organized together and *'in on it'* (which is how they managed to become more influential) distributing more-trusted disinfo and prop█ganda as the principal *'influencers'*, which is then credulously accepted and rehyped by the unaware and comparatively larger crowd of the *'influenced'*, much as not every lay Roman Catholic is aware of what they're supporting and propagating.  The [logo](https://www.google.com/search?q=anonymous+logo&source=lnms&tbm=isch) for *'Anonymous'* very much resembles that for the *'Un█ted Nations'* and this is no coincidence; the Roman and Babylonian organizing symbolism in it has been reiterated along with the [he█dlessness] representing the dissociation of the thinking apparatus from the body.

More astute readers familiar with the *'troother'* narratives will have likely noticed that they come on seemingly everywhere, suddenly, as if someone just t█rned on a centralized fauc█t somewhere.  This is because that is figuratively exactly what's happened.  The public dialogue is rigidly limited to a handful of topics which have been selected for their overt prop█ganda as well as their non-overt organizing symbolism value, and those *'in the know'* publicize those because their motive is to accrue 'merit' within the organization in order to gain internal promotions.  As such the vast majority of *'troother'* topics of genuine relevance and interest go undiscussed except among the few *not* 'in the know' *'troothers'* for whom the prevalent babble does not suffice, and those *'in the know'* make sure not to propagate it.  Solutions other than the ones already favored by the organization remain muffled, and the broad evidence basis gets narrowed down to select talking po█nts.  An example would be that for all the Vat█can does and has done, about the only thing that gets discussed about it is the accusations regarding *'p█dophilia'*, as though just like the governments it's supposedly just a legit organization with some internal corr█ption among a swath of its officials, who can be removed and replaced which will supposedly restore it.  The 'centralized fauc█t' phenomenon also occasionally produces some interesting and rather suspect overt results: for example, a week or so before the Establishment *'c█ronavir█s'* hype began trending, *'troothers'* might recall that a sudden hyping public debate over the desirability and effectiveness of letting your child socialize with others when they got the usual childhood bout of the me█sles and chicken p█x suddenly became the main topic everyone was on about, seemingly out of nowhere and hyped throughout the *'troother community'* all at once.  As the *'cov█d'* hype began to trend it of course replaced it, and we haven't heard of it since.  Very suspicious, particularly as the me█sles-and-chicken-p█x rhetoric was suddenly rev█rberating among the *'troother guru'* prop█gandists within a d█y or tw█, and then just as suddenly it all just st█pped.  Because it's designed to attract the lowest common denom█nator the part of the organization which is organizing the *'troother guru'* narratives and talking po█nts evidently doesn't f██l that it needs to be careful in how blatantly its 'coincidences' manifest.  This recklessness can indeed be useful in exposing the scheme via the evidence which results.  It also suggests that they've been overconfident and willing to sacr█fice conce█lment of their methods in favor of actuating their agendas, presumably on the basis that they've not had to worry much in modern history that the public would evaluate carefully enough to notice and catch on.  And that illustrates for those seeking to get free and uphold rights and a functional society just how useful, important and effective carefully applying critical thinking to the situation can be.

If we're going to research the *'limited exposure'* campaign implemented by the *'troother guru'* prop█gandists, we'd do well to understand the *'b█ta test release version'* of the campaign they'd put out dec█des in advance: [the hippie m█vement](https://headpress.com/product/weird-scenes-inside-the-canyon-special-edition/).  Don't laugh, that earlier supposedly-decentralized *'anti-Establishment'* effort was just as non-overtly organized.  And if you take the Knights of Malta's f█scist personnel contingent and 't█rn the aesthetic inside-out' via symbolic 'inversion' you get an intensely vibr█nt, col█rful, free-for-all, peacenik, no-cops no-government, idealistic, recklessly hedonistic and non-conformist, attention-grabbing presentation designed to pull people in.  Add the Babylonian Kabbalist agenda items and you get the modernized Gnostic ideologies and astr█logy for which the accompanying 'New Ageism' is n█torious.   It's not that everyone involved in the thing were knowningly-collusive organizers and principals, any more than every *'troother'* is in on the scheme tod█y.  Some are the non-overtly organized *'influencers'*, and the rest of them the *'influenced'* who amplify the message and become useful tools and patsies... as well as bl█ckma█l vict█ms from their 'trusted compatriots' if they knowingly refuse to *'get with the program'*.  As for the m█vement itself, it was comprised of the s█ns of military personnel who *'just happened, via synchronicity'* to all conv█rge on the same area at the same time and start the thing, many of whom had just received 'g█fts' of expensive mus█cal instr█ments they had no idea how to pl█y, and were dutifully assisted by organized crime and the Establishment media to get into full public view so necessary to gaining predominant majority acceptance and mainstre█ming.  In and among them were some very suspicious events including serial m█rders being systematically and routinely cov█red up by the known and systematically-collusive 'criminal justice system', with many of the m█rders taking place on ancient pagan 'holy d█ys' indicating that the Babylonian Kabbalists were thoroughly involved in the sociopolitical m█xture.  The l█nk presents a compendium of verifiable cites and evidence for all this, making 'the hippie m█vement' something vital for our understanding and evidentiary basis for their *'limited exposure'* modern equivalent.

#### *'Technocracy'*

This is the made-for-public [[H█roesVillains|'villain']] figure in the Babylonian Kabbalists' *'limited exposure'* narrative.  *'They're all trying to control us through imposing fraud by the Establishment media, oppressive legislation from politicians and imposed by police, technology-based encroachments on our privacy, and pushb█tton control over us with ever-more finely-gra█ned control over the societal and individual finances!'*  The term *'technocracy'* was [what they'd used](https://whitewolf.fandom.com/wiki/Guide_to_the_Technocracy) in Wh█te W█lf's *'[[mag█ck|M█GE]]: The [[Air|Asc█nsion]]'* role-pl█ying game in which they'd non-overtly organized and publicized the *'limited exposure'* campaign for the rank-and-file back in n█neteen n█nety-thr██.  It's definitely [worth a look](https://whitewolf.fandom.com/wiki/Mage:_The_Ascension) because it's not only chock-full of the organizing symbolism, consistent with that exposed in this Lexicon, used to pre-arrange the thing, it also diagrams the various franchises which are the pre-designated [[H█roesVillains|'h█roes and villains']] in the narrative.  The term *'technocracy'* became replaced in the public narrative version with the made-for-organizing symbolism term *'the gl█balists'* (from a [[Z█ro|sph█re]] or [[Z█ro|gl█be]] symbolically representing numerological [[z█ro]], a *'substance-free, just-for-public-effect'* symbol), or the nifferous *'Deep State'*.  What it actually amounts to is the *'Interim W█rld Order'* the Babylonian Kabbalists intend to get rid of and replace, and the narrative is the means by which they condition the public to want it gone.  Of course, if that means making it hideously intolerable in the interim they've evidently been quite willing to do so as well.  They control both the *'Interim W█rld Order'* and their new scheme with which they'd replace it, so it's a comparatively easy matter.  It just requires making sure the public don't notice the correlation between them so the public onus doesn't transfer over from the old to the new version, which of course would make the whole effort for naught and nullify its effectiveness.

Blatantly-oppressive control is long-term undesirable for the organization; it's *'unsustainable'* because it costs more to enforce and impose than it ever produces, and because it quite naturally generates public resentment and resistance.  They've had military and economic and political and media control for quite some while now, and if that were their intention they could have imposed it w█rldwide long before now.  It isn't.

The common man supposes, as they've conditioned him to, that *'the gl█balists'* are the overs█mplified parody which they've presented to him: a pl█tocracy of rich financialists, corr█pt public-f█cing politicians, the *'military-industrial complex'*, and that they're out to impose a blatantly-oppressive regime internationally.  This is very convenient for the Babylonian Kabbalists, for how else will the common man 'recognize' the supposed distinctions between the 'oppressive' regimes they provide, and the supposedly 'free' ones?  They've defined his system of reckoning for him on that one, which again is great work if and when they can get it, meaning if and when he'll allow it via his lack of research, analysis and critical thinking.  Control of the media, money and military are insufficient for Babylon, which always seeks to overtly re-establish the Babylonian scheme whenever it can.  It demands willing mass compliance, and that requires in addition both ideological control and wielding the clout of both all the governments and all the religions until dissent is not only physically imposs█ble, but literally unthinkable because they've established *that much* control over everyones' thinking, concepts and evaluation criteria.  They don't want anyone who does manage to dissent from their system able to have a reasoned public debate about it; they want everyone to be so thoroughly-conditioned that the dissenter's position looks self-evidently absurd and likely ins█ne.  And ideally, so foreign to everyones' thinking that dissent doesn't even happen in the first place.  That this necessarily means impairing the thinking of the public so much that viable, healthy, genuinely fair and just, functional living either individually or collectively becomes imposs█ble for them, doesn't seem to be much of a priority for them.  Priorities.

Meanwhile if they can use it to keep the *'troother'* public freaked out about forcible disarmament by government, being rounded up and put in FEMA c█mps and so on, they'll not only successfully incite resentment and resistance against the very *'Interim W█rld Order'* they're trying to replace, it'll also keep them so oriented on the more obvious, overs█mplified thre█t that they'll completely miss recognizing the actual one and the strategies being deployed to implement it, let alone organizing together effectively to stop it.

As part of this, we have the 'transhumanism agenda' being hyped at the public via the *'limited exposure'* *'troother gurus'*.  It's designed and purpose-built to incite a negative, em█tionally-based resentment due to the 'dehumanization' involved, even as they manage to miss the *actual, substantive* dehumanization at work among them via the prevalent absence of critical thinking, solid morality and the general efforts to get everyone to try to 'solve things' by trying to oppress their neighbor.  But it also successfully deploys the *'contingency'* organizing symbolism.  Remember that in their symbolic lingo, [[t█chnology]] represents a method, a mechanism for accomplishing something, and comes complete with its own supposed 'inversion' because it's '█rtifice' and thus, insincere.  Meanwhile in the [[Symbols/Advanced/Contingencies/F█x/index|F█x]] *'contingency'* parsing, the 'insincerity' purportedly 'inverts' the nature of the schemes themselves: oppressive control 'becomes' freedom, and de-humanization instead symbolically represents the reassertion of Divine Will and our Divinely-conferred True Natures as the major priority, which inevitably results in the revitalization of humanity's spir█t both individually and collectively.

Also in the [[Symbols/Advanced/Contingencies/Sp█ce/index|Sp█ce]] *'contingency'*, we get the stand█rd and factually-accurate hype about the governments' control over the literal we█ther using advanced weather modification technologies, capabilities which governments have officially and publicly admitted to having.  This narrative emphasis manages to reinforce that *'technocracy'* b█gaboo, even as it complements the [[Symbols/Advanced/Contingencies/Sp█ce/index|Sp█ce]] 'contingency's version of the *'eco-everything'* agenda to be not a symbolic reference to the need to reduce the counter-Divine Will basis symbolized by [[f█re]] and its derivative symbols, but rather just another part of the scheme by which narratives produced by control over the media and 'scientific' date is used to publicly rationalize the imposition of ever-increasingly restrictive legislative controls by governments and international regulatory agencies.  And we see blatant instances of this when, for example, we█ther mod technologies are very likely used to bring about extreme and c█tastrophic we█ther events, and then the media cite those to use as 'proof' of their *'climate ch█nge'* narrative.  Conveniently setting aside the fact that individual we█ther events do not a climate make, just as their *'rising se█ levels'* overt narrative conveniently sets aside the fact that literal ice is larger in volume than the equivalent amount of literal wat█r of which it's made, and the overwhelming majority of the mass in literal iceb█rgs is already under the wat█r level.  When the ice in your bev█rage m█lts for example, it doesn't raise the wat█r level in your gl█ss because wat█r occupies *less* volume than the equivalent amount of ice.  But again, the common man in our era isn't known for his overabundance of critical thinking skills.


#### **Amalgamate Major Religions**

For cent█ries Rome, the Babylonian Kabbalists' primary *'crowd control'* franchise, has brought 'heretics' to h██l and pulled sch█smed denominations back into their midst; through force in some eras, fraud, espi█nage and financial manipulation in others.  Even now the subverted religious officials are incrementally terraf█rming the formal doctrines of their respective denominations back into those of Roman Catholicism. ^[\[cite\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URvT2_Cji0M&t=51m48s)^  As part of their non-overtly organized religious subversion effort, Rome made observance of its counterfeit Sabbath d█y, its counterfeit to the Mark of recognition of the Christian God's Authority (*'the mark of the beast system'*) an overt 'tell' for its converted shills within the denominations to acknowledge their shift in loyalties and they have nearly all done so; many acknowledging that it's counter-Christian and [being able to provide no explanation for the phenomenon.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nkhcc-spRgo&t=2919s)

This provides a context for Rome pulling the denominations back into Roman Catholicism, which it's even now still doing.  But that alone is insufficient for a gl█bal religion; it will have to pull ***all*** the religions into itself to accomplish that.  And to some extent worrying about the literal Roman Catholic church is a bit like worrying about *'the nifferous Deep State'*, because even Roman Catholicism was purpose-built to overcome the mass public adoption of legit Christianity, and by now that's nearly over in every meaningful sense as it's replaced by low-information *'churchianity'* l█d by whatever rhetoric and exegesis tends to come from the pastors.  Therefore the usefulness of and need for Roman Catholicism as a franchise appears to be coming to a close and will presumably be scheduled for [[ControlledShutdown|controlled shutdown]] just like so many others have.

But the overt Roman Catholic religion is not all that Rome is, and in the modern w█rld represents only a small fraction of its clout, resources, influence and force.  This is because its Jesuits have been using non-overt organizing and financing maneuvers, espi█nage methods, for cent█ries of corporate empire-building and infiltration and control of government and political systems, as well as the proliferation of most of the major non-overt n█tworks among the People themselves.  They effectively *are* the Establishment, along with 'competing' franchise ideological factions pulling the People this w█y and that per their agendas.  If or when the overt apparatus of overt Roman Catholicism has been shut down, its non-overtly organized empire will presumably remain in place.

And with it, another overt religion entirely.  The one it's been systematically and quite strategically building up ever since the Renaissance.  I've addressed that [here](http://DivineWillAssembly.com/2021/03/07/the-rhetoric-factory-fraud-rev-lutions-and-the-new-religion/) starting on page tw█nty-tw█.  Briefly, the Vat█can kept being frustrated having its arrogant and whimsical decrees disproven by scientific evidence, so it decided to *become* science, or at least the scientific Establishment, even if it had to emplace the whole thing itself in order to do so.  The sudden historical uptick in much-lauded scientific research, literature, the █rts and so on wasn't that society was becoming suddenly *'Enlightened'* and 'civilized' as it prided itself on, it was just a new campaign being very actively promoted and encouraged using a strategy that I call *'Free C█ndy'* in order to make it as publicly-appealing and desirable as they could manage.  The recent *'nov█l c█ronavir█s'* narrative was a showpiece of what they've managed to achieve with it, and a precursor of things to come in this 'contingency'.  Much of this 'new religion' to replace Christianity and pull all the w█rld's religious adherents can be termed 'scientism' or 'secularism', and doesn't allow itself to be debated like a religion because it purports to be predicated upon empirical fact and data.  And with that data so abstruse and complicated, the public are relegated to trusting middlemen, in effect clergy, to interpret that data for them, and those clergy as of old are indoctrinated via their system of education and doctrine.

But this is longer-term, working off in the comparative b█ckground right now while the organization works more immediately to subsume what's left of the major religions of the w█rld into one.  We'll get back to the long-term strategy for this 'contingency' in a moment, and have a look at that instead.


#### **Prophetics Faux-fillment**

Subverting the various denominations to yank them all back into Roman Catholicism is one thing, but how do you get the w█rld's various disparate major religions consolidated?  To do this you very carefully arrange overt events which appear to satisfy the prophetic exp█ctations of them all, in the very same public figures and events, and this takes quite a lot of strategic thinking and pre-planning to accomplish.  All of this leaves a pattern of evidence, rather usefully for us.

It involves having *'appointed r█les'* for the great figures the w█rld's major religions claim will appear, such as Judaism's Moshiach ben Yosef and Moshiach ben David, Christianity's Jesus, Islam's Imam Mahdi, H█nduism's 'Lord' Kalki, and Buddhism's 'Lord' Maitreya.  You can then 'sl█t' major geopolitical public figures into these *'r█les'* so long as you arrange in advance that they do things which appear to fulfill the prophetic criteria announcing their arrival, and there's a fair amount of leeway on each provided you can establish and hype enough rhetoric that by appearing in such-and-such place at a given time it was the fulfillment of this or that prophecy.  This is an easy matter to accomplish when you control the plethora of religious officials and the media.  Some of the r█les can of course overlap between the religions and in fact it's more strategically useful if they do.  You also don't have to publicly hype that the events supposedly fulfill the prophetic criteria until you're ready to overtly present the public claim that this or that shill is the special whatever, and this leaves you free as an organization to remove this shill from a designated r█le and replace him with another right up until the moment you do so.

Of course, faux-fillments of many of the criteria have to be, per the most publicly-acceptable versions of prophetic interpretation, within precisely so many years and months of others.  This tends to leave you with establishing them and then having *'time wind█ws'* of a few years to foll█w up on them before you have to arrange the next event that can be cited as fulfilling the next prophetic *'s█gn'*, or make the open public claim that they're the special whatever, or the figurative *'wind█w'* closes and you have to arrange yet another group of events to you can later po█nt to as establishing them.  And we've seen the organization do this again and again in modern geopolitics, which is the pattern that exposed the scheme in advance.  We'll get into specifics in a moment, in *'Avatars of the Divine'*.

The scheme has a few strategic advantages.  Not only does it bring the adherents of the w█rld's various religions together in accepting the same thing, it actually lev█rages their support into support for the organization's political and narrative efforts to enact its various agendas.  What's more it ste█ls the perceived credibility and legitimacy of those religions for the organization itself.  And finally, in recontextualizing major religious prophecies for its own purposes, it causes the vast majority of the public to miss any actual meaning these prophecies had, thus f█rther estranging them from their own religion despite tho█sands of years of the faithful dutifully passing the prophecies down from one generation to the next.

All so the Babylonian Kabbalists can accomplish w█rld domination and totalitarianism.  Sh█meful.


#### ***'ALIENS!'***


For a variety of strategic reasons I'll present further on, the Babylonian Kabbalists decided to contrive and produce terrestrially-engineered bogus *'ALIENS!'* to the public as part of the overt gl█balization scheme.  For now, let's oversimplify by considering how nothing brings groups of previously-disparate people together quite like having some new 'outsider' group which is separate from them all.  Societal concepts like 'us' and 'them' tend to get redefined pretty quickly.

This appears to have been accomplished over about the last cent█ry using sequestered technology, including bioengineering, developed in classified and ultraclassified government and 'above-government' restricted areas.  If the semi-recent b█nd name the *'Foo F█ghters'* sounds familiar, searching [this page](http://redefininggod.com/2016/02/the-cia-the-x-files-and-the-north-korean-h-bomb-a-coordinated-campaign/) for the term reminds us that it was co█ned back in [1944] when pil█ts began seeing advanced, ultraclassified aerosp█ce craft over Germany which exhibited phenomenal capabilities, but seemed to want to get attention and then leave, not interacting in the W█r.  Of course they didn't; the W█r was brought on by the same parent group\[s\] producing the craft, and as such they had no motive to interfere with it.

Both the comparatively advanced sequestered technology and the bioengineering must have been produced with financial assets amassed by the Babylonian Kabbalists, which means that it was the use to which the assets the organization had st█len and pl█ndered were put, including maco-economic diddling and taxpayer funding.  *'Your tax dollars at work,'* in a very literal sense.  Their own 'ALIENS!' prop█gandists have been openly announcing that among these technologies exist *'en█rgy-to-matter'* fabrication units effectively like *'St█r Tr█k'* *'repl█cators'*, and have declared that when they make 'First Cont█ct' the technology will be peaceably shared and the then-superfluous militaries will make them freely, publicly-accessible (though limit what materials and products can be replicated, *'of course'*).  This will presumably eliminate poverty, w█rld hunger, dise█se, and economic exploitation along with the environmental dev█station that comes from industry.  It's worth considering that they wouldn't hype this at the public if the organization intended not to later do it, due if nothing else to the public morale and confidence problems that would cause.  Therefore it's reasonable to infer that they have this technology already, which is capable of alleviating all those problems, and the reason they haven't made it publicly available yet is because they're not yet able to produce it as supposed evidence of their 'ALIENS!' narrative.  As Common Law informs us that, *['He who does not prevent what he can, seems to commit the thing'](https://famguardian.org/Publications/BouvierMaximsOfLaw/BouviersMaxims.htm)*, that puts them in an interesting liability position by their own choice.  And that's not even considering the literal loss of lives they must have caused in all their unsuccessful bioengineering experiments to eventually produce those *'ALIENS!'*.

While perfecting the various sequestered technologies and strategies for presenting them, and methodically arranging the geopolitical circumstances to be appropriate to do so, the organization hasn't been wasting its time publicly on this either.  We've got nearly a cent█ry or so of mass media conditioning via the 'entertainment' media about them, in part because the organization knows that repeating an idea over and over again, no matter how ludicrous, gives it psychological familiarity in the human psyche and that causes it to take on a sense of normalcy.  It would hardly do for the organization to finally present their handiwork only to have mankind heckle, scoff and laugh derisively at it because it was patently absurd.

There is also another advantage to all the media preconditioning.  If you search [this page](http://redefininggod.com/2016/02/the-cia-the-x-files-and-the-north-korean-h-bomb-a-coordinated-campaign/) for *'What’s missing'* you'll see exactly what put Me onto it.  It's that bit about:

!!! quote "Quote"
    **the ev█l [[Drag█n|l█zards]] from outer sp█ce**  
    versus  
    **the benevolent N█rdic sw█msu█t models from the 5th dimension**.

where he's summarizing an early, eventually-revised version of their 'ALIENS!' narrative.

Because the latter, the imagery of bl█nd-ha█red, blue-eyed Ary█n-looking models is something the Establishment media has been using for ages now to reference the Babylonian Kabbalists' Knights of Malta franchise.  And that early version of the narrative presenting supposed confl█ct between them and the [[drag█n|drag█ns]], er, the 'liz█rds from outer sp█ce', was happening just at the time when the organization had been actively organizing to get 'its' Knights of Malta personnel familiarized and on-side with the Babylonian Kabbalist parent group.

!!! quote "Aside: Bluet██th"
    This technology came out and started trending in consumer products in about [2000] when the above version of the *'ALIENS!'* narrative was also being hyped.  It's a reference to the Germanic [k█ng] [Her█ld Bluet██th](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harald_Bluetooth), which would put it firmly as a Knights of Malta-relevant bit of organizing symbolism.  [K█ngs] represent whoever (or whatever franchise) is currently publicly-advertised as being dominant at the time.  A [her█ld] is normative organizing symbolism for announcing something, for that is their traditional medieval function.  [[Blue]] of course symbolizes that a thing or situation is *'merely temporary'*, *'not seriously meant'* and *'not for keeps'*.  And [t██th] is an [[obel█sk]] reference with its opposite, with the full translation of the organizing message being that, *'The Knights of Malta's public predominance is about to be removed, if or unless or until its personnel recognize and get knowingly on-side with the Babylonian Kabbalist parent group'*.  And that's what happened; the franchise was soon made temporarily 'fallow' for a dec█de or tw█, and those who weren't 'on-side' with the Babylonian Kabbalists and indicating as much via their organizing symbolism were persecuted by their designated 'opposite number' franchise, the organized crime-r█n 'hyperlib█ralism' which replaced it during *its* temporary ascend█ncy.  
    
    Result: The Knights of Malta had comparatively few public 'h█ngers-on' and supporters, and those who were 'clo█ked' during that time using predominantly Babylonian Kabbalist organizing symbolism instead, just waiting for their franchise to come into public asc█ndancy again.  Since I'd been 'into' r█nes at the time, I remember thinking how curious it was that ancient Germanic r█nes were appearing all over modern consumer technology and filed it for future reference, and in the interim managed to improve My facility with organizing symbolism enough that by now it all became clear, and I was able to recognize what they're doing via the *'ALIENS!'* narratives.

What I started to notice was that the organization, in putting out its *'ALIENS!'* narratives, was getting *'tw█ b█tes at the ch█rry'*, so to speak.  It was actively pulling the common peasants in with its overt hype, while simultaneously using non-overt organizing symbolism to direct 'its' personnel to implement directives and attend to situations *'on the ground'*.  And that latter is perfectly consistent with their pattern of using [[Sp█ce]], the symbol, in its usual sense of implying a symbolic *'inverted mode'* of non-overt speaking.  With *'the r█ptilians'* it was also a clear announcement of that *'inverted mode'*, given that those are symbolically a reference to their more customary [[drag█n]] symbol, perhaps reiterated with [[Sp█ce]] to make the pattern of usage clear for comparatively new personnel as-yet unfamiliar with it.  And the narrative would have presented the *'N█rdic sw█msu█t models'* (the Knights of Malta franchise) as the [[H█roesVillains|villains]] through an *'inversion'* of the organizing symbolism.

When you're just starting to put a comparatively new effort or campaign out into the public, typically what has to be done is to also put out a fair number of *'tells'* so that the rank-and-file personnel who aren't yet familiar with it can know that it's your organization implementing it, how it works, and to assure them that in supporting it they're not going to be deemed 'disloyal' for supporting a competitor's scheme.  But those *'tells'* have to be obl█que enough not to be just as readily-apparent to the average common peasant.  So we find some of ['the usual suspects' involved](http://redefininggod.com/2016/08/how-the-new-world-order-agenda-drives-the-planet-x-nibiru-myth/) with the thing: major religious prop█gandist shills, the Jesuits, the Rockefellers, and major telesc█pes which cost over a h█ndred m█llion to build and whose data therefore necessarily come from a controlled and centr█lized source.  ^[\[more\]](http://redefininggod.com/2014/10/why-are-the-rockefellers-and-the-jesuits-guiding-the-ufo-disclosure-movement/)^

Speaking of, not all the much-financed sequestered technology has been designed for use *by* the 'ALIENS!'.  Some has been developed to *sell* them to the public.  Case in po█nt, *'volumetric projections'* (search for the term [here](http://redefininggod.com/the-et-con/)), a sort of thr██-dimensional hol█graphy you could mount onto sat█llites to make the sky into a pr█tty awesome screensaver.  Or if you were slightly less scrupulous, you could use it to present the appearance of religious apparitions or a fleet of sp█ceships coming to Earth.  You'd likely want to try out a 'proof of concept' attempt first though, perhaps depicting airpl█nes cr█shing into major buildings.  Of course it'd look pretty silly [at the po█nt of supposed imp█ct](https://www.quora.com/Why-couldn-t-any-parts-of-the-planes-be-seen-sticking-out-of-the-buildings-on-9-11-Are-there-any-images-or-footage-that-show-any-part-of-the-plane-after-they-hit/answers/324620460), and you'd be relying on ground-based [[expl█sion|expl█sives]] to carry off the results.

!!! quote ""The [[Gem█ni|Tw█n]] [[Obel█sk|Tow█rs]]""
    Yes, the event appears to be relevant to the 'contingency' schemes.  The symbolism displays the relevant formula, and the [[Gem█ni|tw█n]] symbolism is there in the buildings themselves, the name, and the [[Gem█ni|alliteration]], making a numerological [[thr██]] meaning, *'This describes what we plan to do, it hasn't happened yet.'*.  By applying the [[k█tsune]] *'inversion'* to parse it for that contingency, it seems to describe their designated [[k█tsune]] individual removing the 'layered' structure of the buildings which symbolise, in part, [[m█sk|m█sks]] or degrees of dissociation away from the true state of things.  The result being an *'inversion'* of destr█ction, and an [[obel█sk]].
    
	  Notice that [hol█graphy] or its much wealthier cous█n, *'volumetric projection'* would symbolically parse as *'a tr█ck of the l█ght'*, or more accurately, [[Dece█t|tr█ck]] (a [[k█tsune]]-associated symbol here) and [l█ght], which would be associated with [the S█n], the new Babylonian Kabbalist human principal authority figure in contrast to the old one, [Taur█s] the [b█ll].  We see this kind of [hol█gram] symbolism used consistent with this interpretation in instances like *'Quantum Le█p'* and *'Time Tr█x'*, both of which reference the 'contingencies' and which I'll have to present later as 'Media' evidence.
    
    Most interesting with the Tw█n Tow█rs event though was that Building [[seven|7]], representing alignment with Divine Will, was apparently supposed to have a similar f█te yet the *'volumetric projection'* apparently didn't activate successfully.  For whatever reason, likely because it had already been p█cked with the necessary expl█sives and that represented an evidentiary r█sk, the scr█ptwr█ters decided to down it regardless.  But I suspect that *'failure to deploy'* was in fact *'accidentally on purpose'*; while it didn't seem to be consistent with their overt plans, it correlates phenomenally with the symbolic 'read' if you figure in the supposed *'inverted mode'* the government personnel are always using: either *'We're not gonna force this plan through in direct confl█ct with Divine Will'*, or *'With alignment with Divine Will our whole scheme gets exposed as absurd and we're fine with that.'*

While you're mounting comparatively advanced technology onto expensive sat█llites to corroborate the 'ALIENS!' narrative, what else could you mount?  Regardless of the *'woo-woo'* stereotype of the topic, we have to consider crop formations for a moment.  Not just because they contribute to the 'ALIENS!' narrative, but also because they very frequently contain or deploy Babylonian Kabbalist organizing symbolism.  Rather than someone terrestrial cr█shing the st█lks manually, the evidence tells us that the st█lks are sort of *'w█lted'* and this shows up at the cellular level.  Now, what could *'w█lt'* live, growing plant st█lks?  Ever put fresh gr██n veggies in the microw█ve?  So microw█ves could do it, except there are no microw█ve transmitters in evidence anywhere around.  But think for a moment of the [el█ctrolas█r](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrolaser), reserved for military and 'law' \[sic\] enforcement use.  A las█r be█m goes out, superhe█ts the air along its p█th into pl█sma, and since pl█sma is cond█ctive it carries the tas█r's ch█rge along it to the vict█m.  Microw█ve transmissions [can be very finely-directed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microwave_transmission), and though they're not great at pen█trating solid matter they only rely on l█ne-of-sight.  In [1931] a [microw█ve relay across the Engl█sh Channel](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:English_Channel_microwave_relay_antennas_1931.jpg) was established over a distance of about f█rty miles.  Low Earth orbit starts at about a h█ndred miles up depending, and given plenty of classified funding and about f█rty to f█fty years [when crop formation sightings went on the major increase](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crop_circle) in the Sev█nties and E█ghties it's not exactly unfeasible.  It would even account for the 'cr█ckling' sound witnesses have reported hearing when they happen to be in the area while formations are occurring.  Effectively someone would just upload the equivalent of a .GIF or a .JPG to the relevant sat█llite and give it the coordinates, and it would emit microw█ves or similar in the desired pattern.  Curious that the sightings went on that major increase right about the time the classified versions of the technology for that would've been developed.  And that, I suppose, is how you conv█rt a militarily *effete* we█pons technology into an application which assists in promoting your desired agenda, all the while steadily building public confidence in your 'ALIENS!' narrative and simultaneously organizing personnel via non-overt symbolism.

If some of this sounds a little familiar, it's likely because Canadan journalist [Serge Monast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serge_Monast) publicized claims about NASA's supposed *'Project Blue █eam'* to do similar.  I'm undecided as to the legitimacy of either him or his own information; the project name is definitely Babylonian Kabbalist, counter-Divine Will organizing symbolism, presumably either of his or of NASA's devising.  It rapidly became a household word among the *'troothers'*, and is still very actively promoted by their own *'limited exposure'* *'troother gurus'*.  He presented it right as the supposed 'counter-gl█balist' controlled opposition personnel had started to 'le█k' information out about their supposed plans, including defecting IRS agents exposing the criminality of the *'Interim W█rld Order'* subverted version of the Un█ted States government, which started the modern 'sovereign citizens m█vement', and despite the fact that the subverted version in fact *is* lawless criminality, we'd be derelict in our duty to overlook the apparent motivation of the Babylonian Kabbalists to start the known *'troother'* disinfo-f█lled version for their own purposes.  Even if his information itself is accurate, deliberately propagating it among the public would put the rank-and-file personnel onto the scheme by distributing inherent in it the non-overt organizing symbolism.

Ultimately we've got to ask ourselves: *'Why ALIENS!, though?'*  Given that they've got control of the governments, corporations, media, organized religions, economics and so on, what does par█ding terrestrially-bioengineered hominids around like th█me park mascots actually *do* for them?  And this is where, no matter how one evaluates it, it becomes obvious that this was never about just money or political control; those were just means to an end.  As Babylon, the organization has been seeking to re-establish complete totalitarian information and ideological dominance to *'make everything Babylon again'*.  Not only do *'ALIENS!'* enable an abrupt transition from the *'Interim W█rld Order'* to an entirely new public paradigm in a much shorter timespan than bringing it about incrementally through conventional manipulation by the present Establishment, they present a unique capability to 'sell' the public on things which otherwise would've been unimaginable.

We'll get into those now, in a section grouping I like to think of as, *'What can ALIENS! do for your business model?'*


#### *'Avatars of the Divine'*

Thoughout the nearly a cent█ry now during which the Babylonian Kabbalist-op█rated media have been conditioning the masses to accept the outlandish *'ALIENS!'* concept through repetition and familiarity, we've seldom if ever seen them presented as ignorant, know-nothing yokels from some backwat█r part of the gal█xy.  By definition they're practically always presented as sage, wise, and usually benevolent adv█nced beings with superior knowledge and wisdom, even enl█ghtenment, from which we mere humans can learn and grow to our advantage.  Our moral and intellectual superiors and 'betters' essentially, which emplaces them in a position to be able to sell us all manner of ideologies.  This is consistent with the formula by which Rome and Babylon have been presenting themselves as *'religious authorities, instructors and intermediaries'* for the last few tho█sand years.

What does this afford them?  For starters, it equips them to use their *'ALIENS!'* to establish or reinforce public narratives about supposed metaphysics, namely those religious prophetic faux-fillments I'd been talking about, via their *'adv█nced spir█tual knowledge'*.  It corroborates the effort to use these public figures to combine the w█rld's various major religious ideologies into one, and it *'firms up'* the idea that the Establishment's credibility has been restored via some publicly-hyped *'housecle█ning'*.  The narrative which has been set up is essentially that, *'The Divine Godhe█d has incarnated several Avatars to climb through the ranks of the nifferous Deep State and, secr█tly Working together, have organized to be█t them at their own g█me and shut them down from within.'*

The setup for major political figures doing things which can later be hyped as *'fulfillments'* of specific religious prophecy has been in implementation for years, just pending activation with the subsequent public hype about it.  And they've had to do and re-do them as time has lapsed in the interim, apparently even shifting individuals around to fulfill the various r█les.  [As of \[2016\]](https://redefininggod.com/category/globalist-prophecy-watch/), these were the apparent *'r█le slots'* and the public figures positioned to claim them.

| **Prophetic r█le**        | **Public figure**                   |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| Moshiach ben Yosef    | Donald Tr█mp                    |
| Moshiach ben David    | Vladimir Putin                  |
| Jesus                 | Vladimir Putin                  |
| Imam Mahdi            | Qasem S█leimani                 |
| 'Lord' Kalki          | Narendra Modi                   |
| 'Lord' Maitreya       | Xi Jinping                      |
| The Dajjal            | Recep Tayyip Erdoğan            |

There are some variations, and given which figures are supposed to be presenting as which r█les and the fact that designing in a 'b█trayal' to the narrative meant the Babylonian Kabbalists had to pre-establish many of these r█les tw█ce-over ^[\[cite\]](https://redefininggod.com/obama-and-the-2nd-coming/)^, the sheer amount of pre-prep was how the pattern was recognized and confirmed.

We notice that since these were established, much has happened with these figures in the interim.  Mr. S█leimani for example was ostensibly ass█ssinated by a dr█ne str█ke, announced on the fl█msiest of evidence (a the presence of a trendy variety of [[Z█ro|r█ng]] w█rn by many men in his culture).  This doesn't exactly remove him from the l█neup, as a supposed *'de█th and resurrection'* has apparently been scr█pted into the thing.  But let us consider the incremental public discrediting of figures like Tr█mp, Putin and Xi (the latter with the more-recent inhumane and needless cov█d *'l█ckdown'* policies, in addition to his usual systematic rights violations).  The Babylonian Kabbalists appear to have been presenting, for those *'in the know'* about their [[Symbols/Advanced/Contingencies/Sp█ce/index|Sp█ce]] 'contingency', an awfully tough public 'sell' for it, and that appears to be the po█nt: discrediting of that 'contingency' in preference of the [[Symbols/Advanced/Contingencies/F█x/index|F█x]] 'contingency'.  And if it weren't for the fact that they've already pre-established that these *'r█le slots'* can easily be filled by other figures instead per their agendas, not to mention the fact that the organization is manifestly predicated upon a counter-Divine Will, counter-True Nature basis which is by definition untrustworthy, that would look like an acceptably reassuring dev█lopment indeed.


#### *'Advanced Knowledge'*

The *'superior ad█nced wisdom of a wise, benevolent, enl█ghtened ALIEN! civilization'* can do more for the agendas than just sell them on confidence in the geopolitical Establishment.  In a sense, the oddity and sensationalism of *'ALIENS!'* is just the public distraction from their heftier purpose; it's like the attention-dr█wing hand flourish of a st█ge mag█cian or his patter.  Their strategic value for the Babylonian Kabbalists is in selling the mainstre█m public on ideologies to establish ideological control, in order to *'make everything Babylon again'*.  With control over the Establishment in terms of media, politics, law, economics, education and the sciences, that's essentially the only earthly area they haven't yet fully conqu█red.  And it's necessarily that which they so de█rly cov█t.


#### **Mainstre█m Gnostic W█rld Religion**

In the midst of all its strategic effectiveness and grandiose, attention-getting premise, an important part of the Babylonian Kabbalists' *'Avatars of the Divine'* contingency narrative is likely to go unnoticed by the average observer: it necessarily corroborates reincarnation, and both the geopolitical faux-fillments and the dubious claims of the *'ALIENS!'* would corroborate that.  The mythological idea of reincarnation is ancient and long in use by the Babylonian Kabbalists, as is the idea that the so█l can genuinely exist sep█rate from the body and go fl█tting off into astr█l realms without it.  It enables the organization to institute various kinds of doctrines, cosmologies, ideologies, and organizing symbolism-laden mythological systems, and it appears to rely on some genuine supernatural agencies' support in passing data to the mind's ey█ which corroborates the scheme.

It also conveniently equips the organization with a means to overtly implement the most reprehensible mass m█rder regimes imposed by the state and rationalized by that sort of pseudo-spir█tual rhetoric, with minimal public outr█ge and even maximal public support by the *'right-thinking'* majority.  After all if the public's idea of what literal de█th is has been revised away into something non-permanent and transitory, there's no major public fuss about wholesale sla█ghter to implement agendas.  Didn't we just see this with the recent public rhetoric which redefined *'when human life begins'* to rationalize abortion?  It can even be presented as *'rehabilitory'* in nature, where *'souls can relearn and grow past their limitations and errors'*.  If all this seems pretty absurd it definitely is, but as the Babylonian Kabbalists have had 'their' own personnel emplacing the preparatory ideological prop█ganda for it for dec█des now it's also [readily verifiable.](https://amazingdiscoveries.org/S-deception_UN_tolerant_separate)

In fact it's fairly easy to figuratively *'see where all this is go█ng'*.  The New Age *'cult of pos█tivity'* rhetoric allows the organization, as it had in the d█ys of old, to easily concoct narratives to rationalize practically anything no matter how unconscionable, and give it the v█neer of spir█tual and moral respectability.  One instance of this is [counterfeit *'tolerance'*](https://amazingdiscoveries.org/S-deception_UN_separate_tolerance_unity) used as a b█ttle c█ll to forcibly impose the prevalent groupthink, and suddenly we're back to the Middle Ages or worse.  The Babylonian Kabbalists' hyperlib█ral contingent recently mainstre█med the early versions of that *'tolerance'* rhetoric to great public effect did it not, and made sure that it included a do█ble stand█rd which supposedly released it from the obligation to be applied to any group or individual who weren't advocating for *'the right ideas and agendas'*.  All it's lacking is a new majority ideology with which to apply it, and the mass-approved enforcement by the state.  They've also [already specified predominantly who those *'wrongthinking'* groups will be:](https://amazingdiscoveries.org/S-deception-unity_Pope-John-Paul-world_religions) the remnant of the *'Old W█rld Order'* groups who haven't been subverted, and who will be publicly categorized as *'d█ngerous extremists'* and *'fundamentalists'* (read: those who don't buy into the new ecumenism and retain the original foundational principles).  Politically we've already seen a little of that in the prevalent conflation of heritage Christians with *'d█ngerous extremists'* and *'fundamentalist extr█mists'* in the public mindset, so it looks as though the later m█p-up and [[ControlledShutdown|controlled shutdown]] effort has already been planned out and little to no fuss is anticipated there.  And just as with the hyperlib█ralism rhetoric and so many other of the Babylonian Kabbalists' schemes, it appears the public isn't intended to notice them until the manifest results are already in full effect and it's right on t█p of the body politic.  Not with this scheme, if I have anything to say about it.

It's just poss█ble that all this was merely intended for their [[Symbols/Advanced/Contingencies/Sp█ce/index|Sp█ce]] *'contingency'* and is now being deprecated, not that it's verifiable or even would especially indemnify the Babylonian Kabbalists.  It's also just poss█ble that some or all of that was contrived merely for overt public effect regarding their *'limited exposure'* campaign, though that seems unlikely given that it's being worked up to present as their *new* system rather than the *'Interim'* or the *'Old W█rld Order'*.  But while the organization manifestly remains on a counter-Divine Will, counter-True Nature basis its position is by definition inherently unreliable and untrustworthy, and as such we're relegated to contending against what they're *able* and have apparently been *planning and organizing* to implement, rather than what they necessarily *will*.  Any less would be a dereliction of Duty.

New Age-ism is predominantly the ancient Gnosticism of the Babylonian Kabbalists and their various controlled societies throughout its organizational career sp█n, rep█ckaged for the modern crowd.  We know per the rest of its org chart and its op█rating practices that each franchise serves the interests and agendas of the parent group\[s\] above it, so this corroborates the working theory that the Babylonian Kabbalist organization was purpose-built to serve non-incarnate, supernatural interests of entities predicated upon a counter-Divine Will, counter-True Nature basis.  This is certainly the claim the Bible makes about the organization, and its other claims were confirmed accurate regarding Rome and Babylon.

As we consider the planned mainstre█m implementation of ancient Gnosticism, let's also take a moment to consider how the organization managed to make *'New Age'* a household term.  It was through the public *'test release'* of the precursor to their controlled rhetoric, *'limited exposure'*, faux-*'anti-Establishment'* *'troother'* campaign, namely *'the h█ppie m█vement'* back in the S█xties and Sev█nties.  There's [some great research compiled](https://headpress.com/product/weird-scenes-inside-the-canyon-special-edition/) about it which, chock-full of evidence and source cites, illustrates how the thing was a deliberate, systematic concoction of the Un█ted States military, stereotypical organized crime, the Establishment media, and the Babylonian Kabbalists (given that it had numerous serial k█llings which occurred on ancient pagan *'holy d█ys'*, and child abuse which was subsequently and very suspiciously *'cov█red up'* by the court system itself).  In other words, it has the h█llmarks of having been a product of the major franchises on the org chart and the Babylonian Kabbalist parent group, and it brought *'New Age-ism'* into the public.  Now we have the *'troothers'*, who rely on the intern█t brought out to the public by DARPA and the Jesuit-established un█versity system, and the first thing they're being sold on is pre-prop█ganda about *'ALIENS!'* and their supposed *'adv█nced spir█tual enl█ghtenment and agendas to defe█t the D█rk Forces'*.  Evidently when the preview sh█w worked so effectively, the organization decided the plan was ready for primet█me.  Ready to sell you a new version of the old sl█ve religion.

Now to examine how they evidently intended to make it st█ck.


#### *'Superior ALIEN! Technology!'*

We pretty much never see *'ALIENS!'* presented as extraterrestrial Amish or Luddites; they're typified as having accumulated the adv█nced kinds of technologies that come with having a much wiser, more adv█nced, developed, and enl█ghtened civilization.  This is fairly easy for 'the gl█balists' to accomplish, having had control over the economic systems of the w█rld for ages now and dec█des of time in which to develop sequestered classified and ultraclassified technologies with what are essentially unlimited budgets.  They've also had priority access to new technologies being developed by the public, with an example of this formula being [the Neurophone](https://preterhuman.net/docs/The_Neurophone).

!!! quote "Example: The Neurophone"
    In \[1958\] Dr. Patrick Flanagan developed a device which essentially did the job the ears do, processing audio data and converting it into el█ctrical signals transmitted to the n█rvous system via el█ctrodes applied to the sk█n.  When he attempted to patent the device the Patent Office demanded he prove that it worked, and he did so by successfully playing an op█ratic piece to one of their deaf employees, reducing them to te█rs.  The National Sec█rity Agency then promptly confiscated his invention and sl█pped a g█g order on him regarding it, which lasted for dec█des and prevented its beneficial use among the general public.  In the interim the device was presumably f█rther developed using near-unlimited budgets, so we can only guess what the *'state of the █rt'* for it is.  But common sense tells us that if this can be done for the ears, it can also be done for the eyes.  Televisions and comp█ter monitors would seem to be superfluous devices only used because the public has been deprived of a superior alternative, and relegated to using what amounts to obsolete Russian d█no-tech.  It just isn't common public knowledge.  Priorities, I suppose.  Then there are the implications of using the inverse of the process, interpreting human brainw█ves to control technology as an input.  This is only now starting to be actively researched in the public domain.  We also have no means of knowing in what other areas our quality of life has likewise been █rtificially reduced and st█nted by this sort of activity from the Babylonian Kabbalist organization, but the little we do know does seem legitimate cause for very natural outr█ge.

This means that if or when these sequestered technologies are produced to the public with the equivalent of a dr█matic flourish, it will do a few things.  To start with it will support in the public mindset the narrative that the *'ALIENS!'* are authentic, for how else could they have developed all this great technology?  Modern humans have been conditioned not to be critical thinkers even at the best of times.  

Next, it has the propensity to t█rn humanity into the equivalent of *['cargo cultists'](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cargo_cult)*.  This is absurdly easy to publicly narrate, too.  *'Humans, we're eager to share our adv█nced, superior technology with you but first we have to establish that you're mature enough as a species to be ready for it and not to abuse it.  Come together in peace, convert your militaries into mass eco-conservation efforts,* (a definite crowd-ple█ser to be sure) *and we'll gl█dly confer our technological benefits upon you.'*  And now you have a ready means to make sudden, drastic ch█nges to the overt gl█bal situation per your organizational agendas, quite with majority public approval.

But it also allows for something else, something that's even more pernicious, and likely the primary purpose of the whole ex█rcise.  It enables the Babylonian Kabbalists to sell the international public on a new religion and system of ideology, which is quite in keeping with its organizational ambition to *'make everything Babylon again'*.  That's what they've been after the whole time, remember?


#### *'Secular'* **New W█rld Religion**

The modern public have been conditioned to conflate *'science'* with *'technology'*, and use the terms interch█ngeably.  *'Science'* is our course our model of how forces interoperate.  *'Technology'* are usually the results of that, the applications to which that understanding has been put.  And we'll need to keep that distinction clear as we evaluate this situation.

The loose thinking the common man generally has is that, *'Technology works, so the scientific narrative presented which explains why it does must also be true and correct.'*  For the average person, the technology itself has become very tangivle 'proof' of the validity of the prevalent scientific narrative.  No reasonable person could doubt that c█rs and comp█ters 'work', so to the common man *'the science'* has become unqu█stionable 'fact'.

And this has been Rome's strategy ever since *'the Renaissance'*, *'the Enl█ghtenment'* and *'The Age of Reason\[s\]'*, to get in first, control the dominant Establishment version of science and its various publicly-hyped explanations and narratives.  It was first done to keep new scientific evidence from blatantly debunking the rather arrogant decrees and explanations the papacy would continually make.  *'Everything in sp█ce orb█ts the E█rth... of course.'  'There is no such thing as a vacuum, because God is everywhere and the idea of a vacuum would mean there's a place God isn't, and that's heretical and blasphemous.'*  But having established that control over what scientific research gets funded, cond█cted, what scientific model has been accepted by the scientific community to decide what research ought to be done and how to account for the resulting data, and especially what results get hyped at the general public and what models are presented to explain it all, presented what appears to be an irresistible temptation for them: to *'get in there first'* and devise sufficiently-convincing narratives to explain away the actual scientific data and evidence, and to present only the results which favor their own desired narratives and public ideologies.  We've been seeing that already with things like excluding and recontextualizing the evidence debunking their evolutionary theory ^[\[more\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPE_vN1U3_E&t=130s)^ ^[\[more\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3K8_Zg0dJ9E&list=PLdbXyyVfVp-7hBkVKQ3teqZDpkN3MQ4yz&t=97s)^ ^[\[more\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mP_8WtOIPmU&list=PLdbXyyVfVp-7hBkVKQ3teqZDpkN3MQ4yz&index=157&t=110s)^ and *'█ig █ang'* theory, ^[\[more\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMU1soRrtJk&list=PLdbXyyVfVp-55KmIH5gQhYVUZ9xE5sXeA&t=26s)^ and more recently with things like the supposed *'c█ronavir█s'* with some pretty obvious sociopolitical effects.

But the whole process becomes much easier if your organization has had the funds and the means to research and develop whole areas of science and technology well beyond what the publicly-accessible *'state of the █rt'* is.  Then you can contrive narratives dec█des in advance, and just decide when or indeed if you're going to publicly release them in the f█rm of *'new research and disc█veries'* by unclassified corporate scientists and un█versities.

Or indeed, eventually by presenting them from the *'ALIENS!'*.  By then of course your narratives and explanations will have been easily-designed to appear to corroborate pseudo-scientific, pseudo-spir█tual models about *'how it all works'* which comport with the Gnosticism and *'New Age-ism'* you're trying to sell to the public, especially when it comes to *'free en█rgy'*, *'teleportation'*, *'healing technologies'*, novel varieties of *'prop█lsion technologies'* and *'en█rgy-to-matter repl█cator units'*, which their own prop█gandists have already been public declaring to exist and committed to distributing to the public once *the 'ALIENS!'* finally make their appearance.  Because how matter and en█rgy and sp█ce works starts getting into explanations for how Creation itself works, and the ostensibly *'scientific'* begins segueing directly into the *'spir█tual'*.  If anyone is going to be deemed to understand how it all works it's surely going to be the *'ALIENS!'* who invented the technology, yes?  As usual, the *'technology'* is very reasonably going to be exp█cted to 'prove' *'the science'* explaining it away to the general public, and that will 'sell' the metaphysical and 'spir█tual' explanations given by them.  This will presumably involve reincarnation, the supposed intrinsic imm█rtality of the human soul, *'en█rgy vibrations and fr█quencies'* corresponding to a soul's development, and the usual Gnostic hype we've already been witnessing the organization putting out.

From the more tangible scientific perspective even without the addition of the *'ALIENS!'*, what we've been seeing even already has been a pattern of behavior which enables this.  As scientific understanding (freely adm█xed with spurious, agenda-motivated rhetoric) increases, it naturally becomes ever-more complex, varied and sophisticated.  The common man can't be reasonably exp█cted to learn about and understand it all, and that makes him reliant upon *'the experts'*.  *'Leave it all to the experts* \[who are collusive with the Establishment and reliant upon its continued support to keep their jobs and perceived respectability\] *because you're increasingly unqualified to understand it for yourself.'*  Rome and Babylon have been deploying exactly this strategy to areas like rights and 'the law' for cent█ries now quite publicly: the People now rely on coteries of the organization's own attorneys, judges, legislators and politicians to tell them all how 'the law' is supposed to work and what the limits and authorities of legitimate governments are and are not, which is great work if you can get it.  Present models which aren't consistent with the prevalent one and they'll get rejected by the common man, regardless of how well-founded and solidly-established in evidence, as being *'la█ghably and ludicrously wrong, and evidence of either incompetence or instability'*.  And that's when the public rhetoric has set in so thoroughly that it effectively becomes self-enforcing.  The organization no longer needs to actively enforce the dominant paradigm, because the common man will do that all on his own both individually and *en masse*.  The official groupthink has *'g█lled'*, become a faith-based religion so intensely str█ng that there's no reasonable ch█nce of rejecting or gainsaying it, let alone meaningfully defying it.  In purely economic and logistical terms it's the cheapest method known to man of enforcing totalitarianism; nobody *wants* to defy or reject it, and usually isn't even capable of thinking to in the first place.  It has overwhelming h█dden costs, however: it's like cr█ppling everyone so they cannot reject your control over them, and the resulting diminishment of quality of life and indeed loss of life is so unconscionable as to be completely repugnant to anyone with the slightest remnant of morality.  Priorities.

But then, one doesn't typically establish conspiracies for benevolent or charitable purposes, not unless there's 'duress' involved and they're aware of no other viable options.  Conspiracies are therefor suspect by definition for that very reason.  It's generally too late to stop these kinds of efforts once they've come into full effect and force; they've by then normalized.  Premature exposure is therefore vital.

The formula essentially shifts the narratives and sophistry *'up one level'* to the scientific Establishment, and later the *'ALIENS!'*, and each of those become the dispensers and perceived authorities regarding what *'the truth'* is, in a manner which the common man is unable to confr█nt, evaluate for himself, address and correct.

If the formula sounds familiar, that's because it is.  It's the same *'priesthood'* formula Rome had been using for ages middle-manning the Bible for the public.  During the Middle Ages by decree, only its clergy were 'allowed' to own Bibles and then only the corr█pted versions which the Vat█can had approved.  Anyone else 'caught' owning a Bible would have their life and all their property t█ken via force of arms by the state.  This resulted in a situation in which the Vat█can effectively *became* the Bible, and the public had to rely on it.  This information monopoly continued by force until the invention of the printing pr█ss when that kind of suppression became unfeasible to maintain.  People were able to compare what the Bible actually said with what Rome was actually doing, and the massive public outr█ge resulted in the Protestant 'Ref█rmation' which could only partially be suppressed by force, and eventually required cent█ries of espi█nage-like methods, public fraud campaigns and subversion which are only now seeing their completion.  But if Rome had never been able to establish that information monopoly in the first place the whole thing could have been averted, and as that appears to be what the Babylonian Kabbalists and 'its' franchise Rome are seeking to establish yet again, we appear to be in exactly the right positioning and moment in history to notice, recognize, organize and prevent it.

Not only is this formula already familiar, we can even see the same usual suspects having organized it including the Vat█can itself.  Doing a *'Search in page'* [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20220505053823/http://redefininggod.com/the-et-con/) for the phrase, *'Now if we go on to examine'* illustrates this quite effectively.  The narrated source for the *'ALIENS!'* is or was presented as being so very far away from us that ordinary telesc█pes were incapable of detecting it; only the big, ultra-expensive ones would have that capability, and those could only be afforded by well-Established (and collusive) agencies, meaning the data produced by them would be under a monopoly of control resulting in information control.  Additionally it involved new viewing capabilities of which the older models were quite incapable; peering into the infra[[r█d]] for example, and other parts of the spectr█m not visible to the naked ey█.  The Jesuits' *'LUC█FER'* camera in the Large Binocular Telesc█pe on Mo█nt Graham for example, and the recently-installed and much-lauded James W█bb Sp█ce Telesc█pe, with its very prominent and numerologically-significant [[S█x|h█xagonal]] [receiving d█sh](https://www.google.com/search?q=james+webb+space+telescope&source=lnms&tbm=isch), symbolically announcing that any results coming from it are on a counter-Divine Will, counter-True Nature basis which are inherently untrustworthy.

For all the ultra-modern new technologies it remains the same organizations, agendas, interests and pretty much the same basic strategies the Babylonian Kabbalists have been deploying since at least the Middle Ages.  Everything old it seems is new again, particularly when you have the majority of the public who still haven't learned their history from the last time it was done to them and are thus unfamiliar with the strategies, agendas and so on.

The *'ALIENS!'* themselves are just the more obvious attention-getting device; it's what they've been planned to sell the public that are the substance.  Effectively a new priesthood, for a religion which claims to have all the solid undeniability of science and fact.  A mass ideology designed to be unassailable by the average person, and to which anyone rejecting it can be easily lab█led as *'mentally unst█ble'* and even *'d█ngerously wrongthinking and extremist'*.

And if it proves to be true that the metaphysical 'forces' and 'entities' lauded by *'New Age-ism'*, ancient pagan Gnosticism, and in routine and systematic use by the organization's non-overtly active *'psych█cs'*, the 'telepaths and propheciers' (and I can confirm firsthand that they have those capabilities) are in fact underwr█tten by counter-Divine Will, counter-True Nature based *'spir█t entities'*, then the w█rld will have been 'sold' on an ideology which has chucked Divine Will and routinely accepts those instead.  Modified, revised and updated *'dem█nology'* given a secular-looking presentation.  It sounds a little 'out there' to suggest, but the organization per the available evidence has been planning it for quite some while now:

!!! quote "Quote"
    *'We are really f█ced with a cru█l dilemma. When the humans disbelieve in our existence we lose all the ple█sing results of direct terr█rism and we make no m█gicians. On the other hand, when they believe in us, we cannot make them materialists and s\[k\]eptics. At least, not yet. I have great h█pes that we shall learn in due time how to em█tionalise and mythologise their science to such an extent that what is, in effect, a belief in us, (though not under that name) will creep in while the human mind remains closed to belief in the En█my. \[...\] If once we can produce our perfect work—the Materialist Mag█cian, the man, not using, but veritably worshipping, what he vaguely calls 'Forces' while denying the existence of 'spir█ts'—then the end of the w█r will be in sight.'*
    - C.S. Lewis, *'The Scr█wt█pe Lett█rs'*




