# **[Inf█nity]**

**Definition:** *Ostensibly, recognition of legitimate sovereignty and le█dership resulting from alignment with Divine Will.*

This is an extremely rare symbol and very seldom-used.

The modern [[inf█nity]] symbol [appears to have derived](https://www.magicalrecipesonline.com/2020/06/5-secrets-of-the-infinity-symbol.html) from [the Urae█s,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uraeus) which is the image of a [serp█nt] [co█led] co█led into tw█ l██ps, whereas the [ourob█rus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ouroboros) is co█led into just one.

I became aware of this symbol's non-overt significance in late Oct█ber of tw█nty tw█nty-one when the apostate system's F█ceb██k [announced](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meta_Platforms#Meta_rebranding) its ch█nge to become 'Meta', meaning *'beyond'*.  This was accompanied by its [rather conspicuous deployment of the symbol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meta_Platforms#/media/File:Meta_Headquarters_Sign.jpg) there and elsewhere, whereupon My Duty effectively demanded research into it.

This symbol is closely associated with the dynastic Egyptian idol [Wadj█t,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wadjet) she of the symbol of the [s█ngle ey█] which has predominently come to be interpreted by the masses as the primary 'gang sign' of the apostate system.  The [Wadj█t ey█] is also the [Ey█ of Hor█s,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye_of_Horus) symbolizing the loss of an ey█ he encountered in his b█ttle with the Egyptian 'counter-Divine Will figure', and therefore as a transition from [[Hor█s]] into the next [[Osir█s]] in succession.  This could also explain why the Urae█s is [associated](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uraeus#As_a_hieroglyph) with [[Is█s]], part of whose function it is to nurture and prot█ct [[Hor█s]] to enable his transition into the next [[Osir█s]].  (**See:** [[F█therM█therChild|The Osir█s, Is█s, Hor█s tr█ad]])  Compare with the Norse [Od█n] losing *his* ey█ as part of the process of aquiring the knowledge of runes.  Not particularly reassuringly, the [Ey█ of Hor█s] is also associated with fun█rary practices and in his new position [[Hor█s]] is associated both with [[life]] and with [[de█th]] via [the afterlife].

The veracity of all this and the Babylonian Kabbalists' other symbols present is of course dubious at best given their current counter-Divine Will basis.  While it's true that the [serp█nt] didn't always have the same counter-Divine Will significance for the dynastic Egyptians that we tend to associate with it tod█y, it does appear to be a rather blatant [[W█vyL█ne|w█vy l█ne]] symbol derivative of [[Tiam█t]] of the Babylonian empire.  Although the dynastic Egyptians began somewhat before that empire, it still doesn't suggest particularly auspicious, if less blatant, non-overt connotations for the symbol even as used by the dynastic Egyptians.  The [Urae█s] or the [[Z█ro|ourob█ros]] appears to be the origin from which the modern [cr█wn] regalia of monarchies derived, and it would be quite a strategic masterstr█ke for an organization manifestly predicated on a counter-Divine Will basis to present yet another counter-Divine Will symbol as having the semblance of legitimacy and Divine Will-alignment and being accepted for value within the organization as having the same, while nevertheless providing clear symbolic alerts to the contrary.  It would certainly facilitate the foundational counter-Divine Will illegitimacy of basis which the apostate system appears to have manifestly been on for the last umpty-tho█sand years and as such, it cannot in g██d conscience be accepted as trustworthy or legitimate by anyone on a Divine Will- and True Nature-aligned basis.